[♪ Phoebe Bridgers:
"Nothing Else Matters"]
♪ ♪
♪ So close, no matter how far ♪
♪ Couldn't be much more
from the heart ♪
♪ Forever trusting who we are ♪
♪ And nothing else matters ♪
♪ Never cared for what they do ♪
♪ Never cared
for what they know ♪
♪ But I know ♪
♪ ♪
♪ So close, no matter how far ♪
♪ Couldn't be much more
from the heart ♪
♪ Forever trusting who we are ♪
♪ And nothing else matters ♪♪
[siren wailing in distance]
[Ashley] I have
45 million dollars' worth
of Golden Boy merch
at the Port of L.A.
that I'm gonna have
to set on fire.
So what's the fucking play?
I'm with the trustees.
We're all in sync.
Golden Boy suffered
a full psychotic break.
Was also a chronic drug user.
Thank God Andre Anderson
was there to stop him.
Classic superhero story.
Marie Moreau was there, too.
How'd she do in the flash poll?
[Shetty] Good. People like her.
Helps that she's beautiful.
[Ashley] Okay.
So, a psycho killer,
but heroes rise,
look for the helpers,
all that shit.
And we're also throwing together
a Brink memorial gala.
- Should be
a nice little earner.
- Fine. Whatever.
What about Jordan Li?
They're the one
who actually fought Golden Boy.
Oh, a bigender Asian
with pronoun fuckery.
Great fucking idea, Kyle.
Try selling that to Dallas
and Fort Lauderdale.
We lead with Andre
and this Marie chick,
score some points
with the NAACP,
- figure out the rest later.
- [Shetty] Settled then.
Andre Anderson
will be ranked number one.
[Ashley] Take me off speaker
for a sec, Indira.
[inhales sharply]
[exhales]
[beeps]
Just say yes or no.
Is the Woods part
of what happened?
It's under investigation.
This is already a PR disaster.
If the Woods is exposed,
we all have a big,
potentially fatal problem.
Vought hired me
because I'm a problem solver.
When 400 kids learnt
they weren't gifts from God
but their parents drugged them
with Compound V as infants,
I barely had any suicides,
did I?
Well, you had one tonight.
[shuddering]
[phone clicks]
[exhales sharply]
- [music playing on phone]
- [door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
- [door closes]
- [music stops]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, I heard.
You okay?
[exhales]
Okay.
I wasn't totally sure
what you're into,
so I packed the bong.
A-Train beer, Translucent vodka.
I mean, honestly,
if you want the harder stuff,
just give me an hour,
I can pull it together.
I am with you.
[grunts] You pick.
Any of it.
Should we do all of it?
We should do all of it,
shouldn't we?
Emma.
You're sweet.
But this is my fault,
getting swept up
in all this shit.
Oh.
I promised myself
I'd keep my head down,
work my ass off.
No room for anything else.
It's the first day tomorrow.
I'm gonna get some sleep.
♪ ♪
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
- Can I get a selfie?
- [camera clicks]
Uh... No?
Yo. Yo, yo, yo.
So, my friend, Marie Moreau.
Say "what's up?"
Who are you?
Aw, come on, man.
I'm fucking... I'm live here.
Fucking top ten.
- Damn, look at you.
- Top ten what?
I mean, aren't your
push notifications turned on?
I don't have a phone.
[grunts]
Hey, we're live.
Exclusive reaction video
of my best friend Marie Moreau
seeing for herself...
...the first freshman ever
to be ranked in the Top Ten, yo.
Holy fucking shit.
[phone chimes, buzzes]
[sniffs]
♪ ♪
[sucks teeth]
Fucking number fucking five?
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[student] I just
seen him the other day.
[others crying]
♪ ♪
[female student crying loudly]
I can't believe
this is happening.
[crying]
[sobs, sniffles]
[Cate] Hey.
[shuddering]
I'm sorry. Uh...
I know what Brink meant to you.
[sighs] I don't...
I don't know why Luke did it.
Uh...
[sniffles]
[laughter]
Something funny, Rufus?
Uh, what?
No. No, no. Just, uh, dumb shit.
Was it about Golden Boy?
I want to hear.
I said, "What some guys will do
just to get away from Cate."
Cute.
Do you like baseball?
Baseball? Yeah.
You're gonna take a little jog
over to Dick's Sporting Goods.
Buy yourself
a nice Louisville Slugger.
Bring it right back to the quad
and swing that bat
as hard as you can
into your nuts.
Every hour, on the hour.
And every time you swing,
yell "Jumanji."
Sound good?
Sounds fucking great. [chuckles]
- [♪ Batuk: "Move!"]
- ♪ This city move ♪
♪ This city move ♪
♪ This ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ This...
[chattering, gasping]
[Jeff] Is that Marie Moreau?
[chuckles] What is up,
my soul sista?
I'm sorry, I mean no disrespect
to you or your community.
I'm Jeff,
God U's social media director.
You are not easy
to get ahold of, okay?
Now, I'm sorry
about the crutches.
Tripped on the red carpet
at PaleyFest. This is for you.
- For me?
- When you get back
to your room,
you will find a V-Pad,
V-Pod, V-Pods
and Voughtify speakers and
a V-brator personal massager,
which is technically what it is,
but you can use it
any way you want, yas queen.
I'm sorry, I don't want
to seem ungrateful, but...
why is this happening?
I mean, I'm number eight.
Rankings are based
on a careful analysis of talent,
skill, brand awareness
and social mentions.
You fucking own Twitter
right now.
#BlackGirlMagic.
For what?
- For fighting Golden Boy.
- Oh.
[chuckles] No. Uh, I...
But except I didn't.
Oh, that's good.
Modesty, yeah.
People love modesty.
Now go out, be the best in the
fucking world at modesty, okay?
Come on, we're late.
So, do you have clothes or what?
♪ ♪
[Courtenay] Let-let me see
some eye whites.
This is a lot of jewelry.
I just...
Is it gonna make
poor people sad?
- I don't think so.
- Oh.
They're probably already sad.
[chuckles]
[photographer] Pan down
to the left.
[Courtenay] Okay, well, do we
have an ETA on the other one?
- Locating her now.
- Yeah.
Looks just like the old man
when I was his age, huh?
[Courtenay] Hmm.
Uncanny.
[photographer] Thanks, Andre.
We got it.
Got it?
[chuckles]
First national interview.
I had to rescue Matchbox Twenty
from that nutjob at Lollapalooza
before my first
national interview,
and here you are.
[chuckles]
A junior.
Damn.
Yeah, it's-it's crazy, right?
Um...
Hey, did, um...
Did Luke...
- Did Luke say...
- I love Luke, too.
Like a son.
Yeah, but-but did he give you
anything?
What do you mean?
Nothing. Never mind. No, it's...
Luke gave us what got you here.
An opportunity.
I know it's hard.
Look, after your mother died,
I wanted to crawl into a bottle
of Macallan and stay there,
but we push through,
no matter how hard it gets.
'Cause we're made of steel.
You think you can do that, son?
Made of steel. [inhales deeply]
[exhales]
I'm proud of you.
I don't say that enough,
but I am.
You're gonna be a better
Polarity than I ever was.
Courtenay, you dirty slut.
Sorry, I mean no disrespect.
Oh, none taken. Hi.
- Hi, hi. I'm Courtenay Fortney.
- Hi.
I'm the Vought EP in charge
of tonight's interview.
I have a-an interview?
Yeah, One on One
with Hailey Miller.
- Jeff didn't tell you?
- Oh.
Okay, great. You...
Do you have clothes?
- She have clothes?
- Uh-uh.
Will you grab the Balenciaga
rack off the truck?
Hailey Miller's
gonna ask me questions?
Everybody cannot wait
to hear from you and Andre.
You guys are heroes.
So, currently we're testing
"The Guardians of Godolkin."
Even when I'm saying it now,
it feels like
it's too many syllables,
- so we'll see.
- [Jeff] It's gonna be big,
like post-9/11 big.
Okay, um...
What do I say? I... [chuckles]
I've never...
I've never been interviewed.
You don't h...
Where are her call sheet
- and sides?
- Sides of what?
No, honey,
your sides are your script.
[chuckles] God, you're cute.
It's just all written out.
You just got to memorize
with that little brain.
You got it.
You know, I'm jelly.
You're like Pretty Woman without
the, uh, ass-fucking for money.
It was nice meeting you.
[♪ Remi Wolf: "Photo I.D."]
♪ You talk about it ♪
♪ Lit in line ♪
♪ Smile for the photo I.D. ♪
♪ Inside ♪
♪ That's where we can be free ♪
♪ Your Highness,
caught you sipping on lean ♪
♪ Reminds me that's
how it's supposed to be ♪
♪ You've been telling me things
that I didn't want to know ♪
♪ You've been
telling me things ♪
♪ That I didn't want to know ♪
♪ And if I see
that girl around you ♪
♪ I'll be stepping on her toes ♪
♪ 'Cause you've been lit
in line ♪
♪ Smile for the photo I.D. ♪
♪ Inside ♪
♪ That's where we can be free ♪
♪ Your Highness,
caught you sipping on lean ♪
♪ Reminds me that's
how it's supposed to be ♪♪
- Hey, I...
- Whoa. Selfie?
[camera clicks]
You know what I already learned?
What?
You can say literally anything
to them
and they will still take
the photo.
That's why you say yes,
to give the illusion of choice.
Did you get that from your dad?
Did... did Luke say something
t-to you about my dad?
He just said "the Woods."
Whatever that means.
Honestly,
it seemed manic as fuck.
'Cause Luke, uh, whispered
something to me before he died.
He said, uh, "Your dad has it."
- Has what?
- I don't know.
It doesn't make sense to me
that he would just kill himself
and kill Brink, you know?
I just don't understand
how the most sane person
that I've ever met
just loses his shit
and I'm the only one curious
about it.
Well, good luck with that.
Uh... That's it?
You're just gonna run off
With your fancy fucking clothes?
Hey, can we get a shot?
Oh, just...
- [chatters indistinctly]
- Look. [scoffs]
I went out with you guys
one night. I...
- I want to be in it.
- I don't know you.
Or Luke.
Who tried to kill me, remember?
Yeah, well, he's dead.
But I guess you have no problem
stepping over him
to get to the top.
That shit at the club--
Brink was gonna expel me for it.
Did you know that?
Of course not.
No, I would never ask
for anything...
You don't have to.
You have your dad
and half the school ready
to cover for you.
I don't have shit.
I'm sorry your friend is dead.
[shudders]
And I'm sorry Brink is dead.
But leave me out of it.
No, put it in portrait mode.
Okay.
Bitch!
You should've taken it!
Ow.
You're a cunt, Harper.
Eyes on me.
Just want everyone here to know
that I know
we all experienced
a great shock.
Everyone here is grieving.
And the last place
we want to be is
some silly little acting class,
right?
But that is the exact moment
when humanity needs me--
us-- the most,
to make sense of this tragedy.
Because I ask you,
at a time like this,
is there anyone more important
than the artist?
Don't answer that.
It's fucking rhetorical.
Is this the youth of America?
Didn't he direct
Dawn of the Seven?
Yeah, but then he showed
his dick to Minka Kelly
and now he's in director jail.
- Oh, shit.
- Mm.
[Bourke] Artists, everybody,
we are the truth-tellers,
we are the soothsayers, so...
welcome...
to Acting for Auditions.
[quietly] How the fuck
did I get here?
[normal voice] Okay, I want
everyone here to partner up
and come in next week
with a prepared scene,
because I want to see
what kind of...
[inhales] clay
I'll be sculpting with.
[inhales, kisses]
Okay, let's go.
Pair up, everybody.
- Great first class!
- [indistinct chatter]
I'll see you next week.
Please bring the funk,
not the junk.
Awesome stuff.
Get my car
and get me the fuck out of here.
Is this my cocktail? Run.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey.
So, us, right?
Um...
Yeah, uh...
[clears throat]
- Sorry.
- [scoffs softly]
[Justine] Liam,
you piece of shit.
Let me guess,
you made this poor girl
get small
'cause that's the only way
your prick looks big?
[scoffs] Wha... What?
That's...
No.
Go. Go.
Wait, did he tell you?
[Justine] [scoffs] No,
I've known him since drama camp.
He bangs everyone to compensate
for his tiny thimble dick.
I should've warned you.
I'm sorry.
Anyways, want to be partners?
Yeah.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [music playing faintly]
[phone chimes]
Holy shit.
Holy shit. [breathing heavily]
[Shetty] Professor Brinkerhoff
died the same way he taught:
a hero.
He molded the Lamplighter School
of Crimefighting
into the shining exemplar
it is today.
Nobody
could possibly replace him,
so... I will.
Or at least I'll try.
We will cover
everything Brink would cover,
but we'll also get into
the intersection of superpowers
- and mental health,
which was my dissertation.
- [door opening]
Oh.
Marie.
Sorry I'm late.
I'm Dean Shetty.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Please, take a seat.
We're letting Ms. Moreau audit
the junior-year classes.
What you and Andre did,
well, it's obvious
you belong here.
[chuckling softly]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
You didn't do shit. You ran.
I fought Luke to protect you,
and you're just taking
all the credit?
I'm taking
whatever they give me.
It ever occur to you why
you're getting it and I'm not?
'Cause bigender doesn't play
in Jacksonville.
Yeah, I'm not exactly the fan
favorite down there either.
- So you're fine
just fucking me over.
- Look,
I get that this sucks for you,
but, Jesus Christ,
you rejected me
from this school.
Remember?
And then I almost got expelled
covering for your coked-up ass.
I don't owe you or anyone
anything.
Everyone just needs
to leave me the fuck alone.
Brink didn't care
what I looked like,
as long as I was the best.
I mean, after Luke.
But now that they're both gone,
I go back to not existing.
So you're right.
You don't owe me shit,
- but I'm asking anyway.
- Asking for what?
You're getting interviewed
by Hailey Miller, right?
Just tell her the truth
about what I did. That's all.
[scoffs] They gave me a script.
- They'll be pissed
if I go off it.
- You're live on camera.
"Whatever story you tell them,
they have to run with."
That's what Brink always said.
[announcer] From working as
a congresswoman from Brooklyn...
[newsman] ...after brutally
murdering an innocent protest...
...while Ted and Janet Riordan,
the parents of Luke Riordan,
better known as Golden Boy,
have all but barricaded
themselves inside their home.
Now, their attorney says
they're simply in mourning,
but then why are they hiding?
And what did they do
to raise such a killer?
[chatter in distance]
- This is all the way fucked-up.
- Yeah.
His parents are the sweetest.
I miss him.
I miss him, too.
Why'd he do it?
I don't know.
He'd know what to do.
He always did.
[chuckles softly]
And he was
a fucking asshole about it.
Well...
what do you think he'd do?
He wouldn't stop
till he got to the bottom of it.
Jumanji!
[♪ Naomi August: "You"]
♪ ♪
Want to get
some Vought-A-Burger?
I could kill for a Mocha Noir.
Oh, I'm not hungry.
Okay,
we could do a scene from...
[water bubbling]
...Pocket Romance.
Little Hero.
- Oh, wait,
Smallest Heart is good.
- Mm.
Those are all Termite's movies.
No, fuck that guy.
I went to these huge parties
he'd throw with Bryan Singer
in the Hollywood Hills.
[scoffs] It was gross.
I think he just O.D.'d.
Oh, well,
but these are the only ones
with a regular person
and a tiny person.
[chuckles] Wait. Jesus, Emma.
Did you think I picked you
'cause you get tiny?
Mm-hmm.
No.
No, I picked you
'cause you're great.
'Cause I want to learn from you.
What do you have to learn
from me?
Well, you're funny, likable.
Your branding is on point.
A million followers.
My YouTube channel
can barely crack, like, 10K.
Look, I used to get typecast
all the time.
I was the sexy teen
who fucks the dad
and tries to kill the mom
in four different V-TV movies.
Well, I thought you were
really good in Teacher's Pet.
- Thanks.
- [lighter flicks,
water bubbling]
Point is,
no way I'm typecasting you.
I mean...
unless you like getting small.
[coughs] I mean, I hate it.
[coughs] It hurts.
I mean, I'm losing the enamel on
the back of my teeth. [sniffs]
Wait.
What do you mean?
Hmm?
[coughs] Oh, nothing.
I'm just high.
Okay. I mean,
that was obviously something,
but...
I don't want to pry.
I purge.
Purge?
To get small.
Like...
- ah?
- Yeah.
- Mm.
Yeah, I get a little smaller
each time.
It takes a while. It's not...
...fun. It-It's gross.
Like, I kind of hate myself
for it.
Well, fuck that.
You're not getting small
for this scene.
Who do you want to play?
Anyone.
Queen Maeve.
Then you're playing Queen Maeve.
♪ The things
I want to do to you ♪♪
[footsteps approaching]
[sighs]
[Shetty] I wanted
to invite you here
because you've been
through a lot.
So I just wanted to talk and...
help... [chuckles] if I can.
You mean like therapy?
Thanks but no.
Before I was a dean,
I was a behavioral psychologist,
specializing in superheroes.
You all act
like you're made of steel.
But you're not.
No one is.
No offense, ma'am.
I'm sure
you're great at your job.
It just... [chuckles]
doesn't work on me.
[chuckles softly]
I'd like to tell you
some hard truths.
- Can you handle that?
- Sure.
Made of steel.
I think...
it's difficult for you
to open up
and to let go,
because when you lose control,
tragedy.
Your mom and dad,
which wasn't your fault.
But, still,
I think you're scared
you might hurt somebody again,
and so you...
You clamp up
and you push everyone away.
You go back
to looking out for yourself.
How am I doing? Am I warm?
Ice-cold.
I'm not here
to do keg stands or get high
or get in touch
with my feelings about my past.
I'm here to be a hero.
- Why do you want to be a hero?
- To help people.
And the view from Seven Tower
doesn't hurt.
No, sure,
that's all part of it, but...
...why, really?
My sister.
♪ ♪
She got adopted.
I don't know where.
I've been looking for her.
And maybe with enough money,
I can... I can find her.
Uh, she'll see that I'm...
[sighs]
We could be...
a family again.
Yeah.
Look, I'm not gonna
drag you in here
kicking and screaming,
but I do hope you'll come back.
I like you, Marie.
I just want to help you.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[exhales]
[elevator chimes]
[clacking, creaking]
[whirring]
- [door closes]
- Bob.
I'm Greg.
[man breathing heavily]
Fuck.
- Calm down.
- Calm down?
Brink's fucking dead.
Brink was like Siegfried.
You work with dangerous animals
all day,
sooner or later,
you're gonna get bitten.
I think that was Roy.
[Sam breathing heavily]
- [Shetty shushing]
- [yells]
[shushing]
- Easy, Sam.
- [shuddering]
Every time you try to leave,
you hurt yourself.
[crying quietly]
[Sam breathing heavily]
[Sam screams]
- [whispers] Jesus.
- [inhales sharply]
- [whirring]
- [lock clicks]
♪ ♪
[door closes]
Where is all Luke's stuff?
- They cleared it out.
- Who?
Fuck if I know.
Smells like bleach in here.
Why would they do that?
What the fuck is going on?
[birds chirping]
[soft chatter]
[mimicking retching]
[chuckling]
Hey, y'all. It's Justine Garcia,
and it's time to spill some tea.
- It's the first week
of classes at God U...
- Can I see the phone?
- ...and what's become
super clear is that...
- Hey.
If it's true,
you should really get some help.
Can I please see the phone?
...star of
Fun Sized with Little Cricket
has to throw up to get tiny.
Just another example of
how the patriarchy makes women
chase
unattainable beauty standards,
and I, for one, am fucking sick
of this heterosexist male gaze.
[phone clatters on table]
[Justine] What if you licked
your tail?
- Lick my tail?
- Yeah, like, the tip.
All naughty-sexy.
Like it's a dick. A dick tail.
You don't think that's,
like, too much?
Getting likes is a grind.
[sniffs]
Okay. Yeah.
♪ I get money, money, money,
you can check out...
Yeah, just like that.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Just Nancy Reagan that shit.
[gags]
Why would you do that?
- Shit.
- [door closes]
Was it a secret?
Of course
it was a fucking secret.
Sorry, but you never said that.
I just...
I thought you had an experience
that could help other girls.
Yeah, and get a shit ton
of new followers, huh?
Okay, no offense, but you're
being really intense about this.
Mm.
[crying]
[door closes]
[whispers] Oh, fuck. [sighs]
[soft chatter]
[Cate giggles]
You know what I just realized?
Luke's desk drawer
was full of dildos.
They're all gone, too.
[chuckles]
So some security guard is not
gonna shit straight for a week.
What?
Security camera's melted.
- Did you do that?
- No.
No. Something hot did.
"Your dad has it."
- What?
- [scoffs]
It was the last thing
that Luke said to me!
You never told me
the last thing Luke ever said.
Didn't make sense.
I thought he was fucking crazy.
But I think...
he hid something in here.
♪ ♪
[inhales deeply]
[creaking]
That is really Freudian.
♪ ♪
[breathing heavily]
[shudders]
Okay.
If you're watching this,
I guess things got fucked.
Okay, I know this sounds crazy,
but they have my brother.
He's not dead.
He's underneath the school.
They call it the Woods.
It's, like,
this fucked-up hospital
or something.
They did messed-up things
to him and to me.
And Brink... [shudders]
Brink is a part of this.
I'm gonna go in there right now.
I'm gonna make him
give me my brother back.
If you're seeing this,
I guess
things got pretty fucked.
[breathing heavily]
I'm sorry.
Help Sam if you can, please.
I love you, Andre.
Tell Cate I love her, too.
Sam?
His brother who killed himself?
Yeah, he had, um...
schizophrenia
or some shit, right?
And he...
he died in that facility,
that, um...
Some-Something Grove.
Unless he didn't.
I mean,
that sounds insane, right?
Schizophrenia runs in families.
Is there any chance
Luke could've had it?
I don't know. Maybe.
I mean, he was partying with us
the night before.
And he seemed happy.
Why wouldn't he tell us?
I don't know.
But what if Luke wasn't crazy?
I just think... Oh, shit.
[stammers] The...
interview. Um...
Go. I got to get
a few hours' sleep anyway.
My head kills
from all the pushing
- I've been doing lately.
- No, I-I should stay,
- because we need to figure out
everything that we can about...
- Andre.
Andre, seriously.
It's all right to want it.
It's not just your dad.
You want to make number one,
maybe make it to the Tower.
It's okay.
Underneath
that scumbag candy shell,
there's a fucking hero.
Luke always knew it.
And I do, too.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [upbeat music playing]
♪ Baby, I'm here...
"Hailey:
'It was just you and Andre?'
Marie: 'Just us.
We knew we had
to stop Golden Boy
before he killed
more innocent... people.'"
[sighs]
Actually, Hailey,
someone else was there, too.
Jordan Li.
Jordan's the one
who really fought Golden Boy.
[inhales deeply]
I heard they're projecting
a nine rating.
Eighteen share for this.
Now they're saying bigger.
Is Andre measuring the drapes
for his room at Seven Tower yet?
[laughs]
You said it, not me.
Congrats, pal.
[whispers] Shit.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
[door creaking]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
[trilling]
[mumbling]
Sam. Sam.
Fuck.
That's his brother?
- [line ringing]
- Where the fuck is your son?
[chuckles] I'm trying him.
He's not picking up.
I'm sure he's about to be here.
- He wouldn't miss it.
- Uh-huh, well...
lose a chair.
[indistinct chatter]
Just, uh, give him a minute.
Uh, radio Graphics.
Now we're gonna have
to re-chyron everything.
Singular.
"Guardian of Godolkin."
Still too many
fucking syllables.
[beeps, line ringing]
[quietly] You pick up the phone.
You pick up the goddamn phone.
[buzzes]
[exhales]
♪ ♪
[intruder] Don't bother
with that shit.
Just files and the computer.
Grab the hard drive
from the security office.
Meet me downstairs.
♪ ♪
[Marie] Jordan Li
was the real hero.
Jordan's the one
who fought Golden Boy.
And that's what really happened.
[Hailey] Marie.
Hailey Miller.
Oh. Wow. [clears throat]
Hi.
I just wanted to say hi.
You've got the script.
I think
we'll have a teleprompter.
Oh. Okay.
- [clears throat]
- A teleprompter.
Great.
Don't worry.
There's not gonna be
any gotchas.
We won't mention your sister.
Oh. What do you mean?
I thought you knew. I'm sorry.
We invited her to comment.
You know where she is?
Not really.
We just found an email.
Can I have it?
Please?
[sighs]
What is it?
What did Annabeth say?
She said she didn't want
anything to do with you.
I'm sorry.
[muffled] Family, right?
[high-pitched ringing]
Don't worry.
Hailey, camera in two.
[exhales]
[high-pitched ringing continues]
[Hailey speaks indistinctly]
- [ringing stops]
- Sorry.
Could you repeat the question?
This is a lot. I know.
Golden Boy,
the most powerful superhuman
on campus,
in a murderous frenzy,
charging,
and it was just you.
- Ready, one.
- Don't cut away from her face.
She's either gonna crash
and burn
or become the Black Starlight.
[exhales]
Marie?
♪ ♪
I knew I had to stop Golden Boy
before he killed
more innocent people.
♪ ♪
It was down to me.
[Hailey] Where did you find
that kind of courage?
I'm superhuman, right?
We're made of steel.
[chuckles softly]
[sighs]
Emma?
♪ ♪
[shuddering]
[retching]
♪ ♪
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[exhales]
[doors creaking]
Marie.
Did you know?
About my sister?
[sighs]
Sweetheart.
Of course not.
Come here.
♪ ♪
[sniffling]
[beeping]
[hissing, whirring]
[creaking]
Hey, guys.
What's going on?
- Can I help you?
- [intruder] All good.
Campus security.
Nothing to worry about.
[choking]
[gasping]
The hell was that?
[breathing heavily]
Hey. Greg'll clean up later.
Let's go.
[footsteps departing]
[shudders]
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Hey!
[whirring]
[groaning]
Did you know Supes have a wider
range of hearing than us?
- Like dogs.
- [whirring grows louder]
[groaning]
[female intruder] Hey, Bob.
- Turn it off.
- Or what?
[female intruder] I said,
turn it off, Bob.
- Right fucking now.
- [whirring stops]
What are you doing?
I'll tell you what I'm doing,
Bob.
First, you're gonna get
this flashlight nice and wet
with your slutty fucking mouth.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Then I'm gonna stuff it
right up your tight little
chocolate starfish
until you see God.
Do it. You know you want to.
[Bob] The fuck?
Give me my fucking flashlight.
[♪ Bananarama: "Venus"]
♪ ♪
- [gagging]
- [moaning]
♪ Goddess on the mountaintop...
Andre. [pants]
[weakly] We need to go.
Your eye. You've b...
you've been pushing too much.
I'm fine. I'm totally...
Oh, shit. Cate, Cate,
Cate, Cate, Cate, Cate!
Oh, shit.
Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey. Cate.
Cate! Cate!
Cate!
♪ She's got it ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, she's got it ♪
♪ I'm your Venus ♪
♪ I'm your fire at your desire ♪
♪ Well, I'm your Venus ♪
♪ Her weapons were
her crystal eyes ♪
♪ Making every man mad ♪
♪ Black as the dark night
she was ♪
♪ Got what no one else had ♪
♪ Wow! ♪
♪ She's got it ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, she's got it ♪
♪ I'm your Venus ♪
♪ I'm your fire at your desire ♪
♪ Well, I'm your Venus ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Venus ♪
♪ She's got it ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, she's got it ♪
♪ I'm your Venus ♪
♪ I'm your fire at your desire ♪
♪ Well, I'm your Venus ♪
♪ Goddess on the mountaintop ♪
♪ Burning like a silver flame ♪
♪ The summit
of beauty and love ♪
♪ And Venus was her name ♪
♪ Wow! ♪
♪ She's got it ♪
♪ Yeah, baby, she's got it ♪
♪ Yeah, baby ♪♪